# foodbank-distribution-app
Our project is a Food Bank Distribution App which is an Application Software. We will use Visual Studio Code with Java to develop our project. Our Foodbank Distribution App is designed for 3 users which are admin, receivers and donors. 
Both admins and receivers need to log in to their accounts by using identity card number as their ID as well as password. Hence, they also can log out of their accounts. Other than that, all of the users can access the home page. Total household feed, donation amount, contact information,warehouse address and photo will be displayed at the home page. Donate view item status and also view feedback features can be accessed through the homepage. Admin are in charge of managing the foodbank contents. As all the food will be categorized into three categories which are groceries, fresh food, and food for toddlers. Hence, they need to add, edit or delete the contents of the food category when there are any changes for the
stocks. Besides, admin can view receivers’ lists. They also need to review the registrations of receivers whether they are eligible to become the beneficiary of the foodbank. Next, admins can manage the distribution information such as location, date and time. They are also required to generate a weekly report on foodbank location, food amount and category.
Registration of accounts is a prerequisite for the receivers to access the app. They need to fill in their personal info such as family size and monthly income. Other than that, there are some constraints for the registration. For example, one home address is strictly applicable to one account only. This is to avoid wasting due to the redundancies of food collections by the same family members. After successfully registering, their data will be saved in the application database. If their permit were approved, their data will be transferred to the receiver database. Receivers may login to their accounts afterwards. Besides, each receiver can view and select the food category they want once a week. If the receivers have applied before within 7 days, a food application error message will be displayed to inform them to apply again in 7 days after the previous application. Receivers can view the distribution information through the app, and our system will send alert notifications to the receivers automatically when they open the application. Food application database will record the applicants’ information once they applied for the food collections. If the receivers cannot make it, they can only reapply after 24hours. After the food collection, receivers may leave their feedback in the app. Donors can donate money through the donation features in the app. On the other hand, they may also view the food item status if they prefer to have food donation
